Ranvijay "Vijay" Singh is the son of Balbir Singh, a powerful Delhi-based industrialist. Vijay is also an aggressive person. Despite Balbir being a strict father, Vijay's love for his father is deep. Balbir doesn't know about his son's devotion to him due to his busy schedule, which also keeps him from spending time with his family.

One day, Balbir expels Vijay to a boarding school in the USA when Vijay threatens the bullies of his elder sister Reet with an AK-47. Vijay finishes his education and returns home after several years. During Balbir's birthday party, Vijay gets into an argument with his brother-in-law, Varun, prompting Balbir to expel him from the house again. Vijay marries his childhood girlfriend, Geetanjali, and the couple cuts ties with their families and moves to the USA.

Eight years later, Vijay, Geetanjali and their two kids return to India upon learning that Balbir was the victim of an assassination attempt. After meeting his father, Vijay reconciles with his family and takes it upon himself to uncover the assassin's identity. He rounds up his second cousins from the village for backup and recruits a body double for his father, who is eventually killed by a gangster named Asrar Haque. Vijay discovers Varun's role in the assassination attempt and kills him publicly at a conference with his cousins, where Asrar is also present. Vijay and his cousins meet Freddy, an arms dealer, at a hotel. Asrar arrives with his assailants to kill Vijay. Vijay takes them all down with a machine gun and kills Asrar, but he gets severely wounded and bedridden with a damaged sense of hearing.

Two weeks later, Vijay undergoes a heart transplant for his failing heart. In Scotland, Asrar's brother Abrar Haque learns of Asrar's death during Abrar's third wedding and publicly kills the messenger at the wedding. Abrar and his other brother Abid head to a house, where they shoot the man who was keeping tabs on Asrar, revealing Abrar was the one behind Balbir's assassination attempt. Vijay recuperates after several months and is approached by Zoya, the fiancée of his heart donor. Vijay starts an extramarital affair with Zoya, who eventually reveals that she was sent by Abrar to honeytrap him so that one of his brothers, who transformed himself into another Vijay through plastic surgery, would kill his family. Vijay reveals that he already knew this and played along to learn the mastermind's identity, but allows her to walk away unharmed.

Vijay learns from his grandfather, Rajdheer Singh, that Abrar and his brothers are Vijay's second cousins. They are the grandchildren of Shamsher Singh, Rajdheer's younger brother. Rajdheer had renounced Shamsher for his immoral antics. Shamsher's son Azim, who had converted to Islam and married a couple of times, was denied any share in Balbir's assets, which prompted Shamsher to commit suicide by setting himself on fire. Abrar, who had witnessed his grandfather's suicide, became mute from trauma. Later, Vijay reveals his affair with Zoya to Geethanjali, who becomes enraged, but the two put aside their differences.

Vijay and his cousins fly to Scotland and manage to stop Abrar and Abid from fleeing the country in a private jet. A violent fistfight ensues between Vijay and Abrar on the runway. Vijay defeats Abrar and kills him after Abrar refuses to stop targeting Balbir. During Diwali, Balbir reveals that he has stage 4 ALL with only a few months left to live. He realises that his lack of love for his son has always been the root cause of Vijay's aggression. Balbir finally apologises to Vijay, who later bitterly cries in the pain of losing his father. Geetanjali leaves Vijay for the US with their children, but their son Abhay runs back to Vijay.

In a post-credits scene, Aziz Haque, a butcher in Istanbul and the youngest of the Haque brothers, is revealed as the one who underwent plastic surgery to resemble Vijay. Zoya and Abid are with him and Zoya is revealed to be pregnant, though she is unsure whether the child's father is Aziz or Vijay. After violently butchering two of Vijay's cousins, Aziz sets out with Abid to exact revenge for the deaths of their two elder brothers.
